# Why I Decided to Study Software Engineering

I am amazed at how industries have exponentially embraced technology to automate business processes for efficiency, cost savings and precision. Technology drives the world. As a result, I am always motivated to take on technology challenges, even when they seem insurmountable at times, to try to keep up with current trend of technology surge in most industries. That said I never thought or even dreamt that I would be interested in becoming a software engineer. You see, my first real job was teaching at a high school. I taught Chemistry and Mathematics for five years, then decided it was time to move on to something more challenging. I wanted to do something technology related but I was not yet ready to get out of my comfort zone yet. So, my curiosity in technology drove me from my education and science field to getting a graduate degree in instructional technology. With my background in instructional technology, the jobs I got were in developing curriculum materials and integrating technology into instruction. I liked dabbling with online digital tools, and I have always been keen on getting more knowledge and skills on how online content is created and developed behind the scenes so to speak. Hence my move to the quality assurance field and now software engineering.

Currently, I work in the quality assurance field in my search for better-paying jobs and following my passion for technology. I deal with documentation review, deviations, investigations, CAPA to closure, authoring SOP, data trending and evaluation of performance and identifying improvement needs to process and/or product. In taking on a software engineering program, I hope to get the skills and knowledge that will open doors to software developer and analyst roles.

I am interested in web development, programming languages, verification and validation of software. I would like to gain more insight into the Software Development Life Cycle Process and what happens at each cycle. I believe that after going through this program, I will make a better team member involved in delivering high-quality software products by dealing effectively with user needs and any quality issues. To achieve this goal, I bring in my patience, focus, and attention to detail (advice to self!) plus my well-established background in quality.

